hello guys with you to the river today
I will tell you about how to install
skins on pirate minecraft
the easiest way to do this and using
pirate launcher for minecraft bodies
damn to download this launcher just
click on the link in the description and you
You get here to this group in VKontakte
I advise you to enter it and in the hat
this group you will see a link to
download launcher download it to
desktop and run further what we
need to make it create the right one
account press the configure button
account and click on the plus sign and you
three account options appear first
This is a pirate without a password and without a movie 2
license and the third is the one that us
you need an account with reference to the system of eating
kill me
at the bottom of the launcher window you will see
hint in which there will be a link to
registration in the system ate by push
by her
for registration you just need to enter
your e-mail address here in this field
click the register button and
Now your email address to come
We check mail but it can
nothing will likely letter
came to the spam folder check the spam folder
and see a letter from any one there
open the letter and press the button
continue and the form opens on the site
for further registration in the first field
print nickname under which you usually
play
to fill in the following fields you must
create a password of at least 8 characters
long and repeat it further you set
tick confirms that you agree with
site rules and click
continue
make sure once again that we have chosen the item
password for any
enter here your email
and in this field we enter the password from the system and
magnifier and click save
account if you did everything right then
here will be an account with a letter e
press the button home now on
homepage launcher you need
choose the version through which you
going to play i will play through
forge version
1 7 10 press the install button
file download begins and we
some time we wait and after that
the game starts we the game right away
close and go back to the site ate buy
on the website and any direct cursor here
and choose item skins
then you can choose any skins
from the library and add any
let's add your skin for example
You found a skin on any site and
downloaded it to your computer
you need to transfer this skin to this
window all that's left to do is give
This name off choose topics
if that is what you want and save
to apply this skin to your
character you need to click this one
checkbox you can also view
skins of other players and put them on
yourself either just save them in your
library well and let's check whether all
It turned out we start the game through tee
launcher and I congratulate you skin successfully
installed on your character and mine
good news for you all who will
use the system and any will also
see your skin with the game on the network you
you can also apply any
another skin just by clicking the check mark now
go in the game again and the skin is already
installed in my install skins
never been so easy in itself
any sites
is a small social network in
which you can find a lot of new
friends playing in minekravtov so
add me as my friend you
now see on the screen as well as the link
on my profile is in the description also
add body maker yesterday his nickname
you see on the screen and a link to it
The profile is also in the description for this.
movie and memorize everything you need for
happiness and tati launcher system of skins and
Baba and the channel and Rica on which you
find a lot of fresh and interesting
reviews on minecraft mods so
subscribe to my channel and join
my group vkontakte
[music]